Added a note (#816)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-O365ITPro: Office365-Admin/manage/room-and-equipment-mailboxes.md

  
6. If you made changes, select **Save** and then **Close**.

> [!Note]

> > To keep your room and equipment mailboxes secure, block sign-in to these mailboxes. See details [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/admin/email/create-a-shared-mailbox?view=o365-worldwide#block-sign-in-for-the-shared-mailbox-account).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To keep your room and equipment mailboxes secure, block sign-in to these mailboxes. For more information, see [Block sign-in for the shared mailbox account](https://docs.microsoft.com/office365/admin/email/create-a-shared-mailbox?view=o365-worldwide#block-sign-in-for-the-shared-mailbox-account).
```
